Previously on
"The Watchful Eye"...
I went to go see the Wards'
old nanny this morning,
and she told me that she's
being watched all the time.
I just need to know if I'm safe
working for this family.
Mom asked me
to write a letter
to the parole board
on her behalf.
If she gets paroled,
I can get out of this shit hole.
I found cameras
all over Matthew's apartment.
Wish we could
spy on them.
Roman was gonna bring it up,
but I was on my way.
He had Arturo rush it.
Uh, Arturo never
rushes anything.
Thank you.
Searched all
the common areas, and nothing.
No gems, no clues.
This place is starting
to push me to the edge.
Jocelyn tells Alistair
that she suspects
that Winthrop
stole her treasure.
I want to thank
everyone for coming here today.
My name is
Otis Winthrop the Third.
And I am the CEO of
this Greybourne Corporation.
We are so proud that
Matthew Ward and his firm
have become an official
Greybourne subsidiary.
Why is Daddy talking
to Mommy's friend?
Mommy's friend?
Okay.
Hold it steady.
You got it?
Yeah. I got it. Okay.
Now, we're gonna go
on the count of three, okay?
Yeah.
One, two, three.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear... ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear Mommy ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Make a wish, Mommy.
I wish for
birthday hugs.
Oh, go on. Get up there.
Go on.
Come here. Oh! I love you.
I love you. I love you.
I love you, Mommy.
Happy birthday, Al.
Sorry I can't
get out of this meeting.
It's fine.
That's what I love
about birthdays--
They're just
regular days
but with extra sparkle
for the birthday person.
For everyone else,
it's just a Tuesday.
Jasper and I
have big plans.
Oh, well, let me guess.
Um, same thing you did last year
and the year before that...
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
...and the year before that
and the year before that?
Yeah.
You excited?
Mwah.
♪ We've ridden the stars ♪
♪ We've seen everything ♪
♪ From Saturn to Mars ♪
♪ As much as it seems ♪
♪ Like you own my heart ♪
Which one
is your favorite?
Um...
That tiny, fast one.
Ooh!
There he goes.
So, were they really alive
before the dinosaurs?
Uh-huh.
Isn't that crazy?
Hey, Jas,
see if you can find
eight tiny, fast jellyfish, okay?
I'll be right over here
for a second.
Okay, Mommy.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Came to wish you
happy birthday.
And to see where things were at
with what we talked about.
I haven't had a chance
to say anything yet.
Come on.
You said you'd talk to him.
I'm trying.
Okay, well, can you try
a little harder?
It's family, Scott.
They're complicated.
Yeah, I know,
but you're not like them.
I'll keep trying.
Yeah.
Okay.
Who was that?
Him?
Oh, just a friend of Mommy's.
Did you just say
that's Mommy's friend?
Yeah.
Come on. Let's go play Legos
in your room.
Hey. Elena?
I'll be right in.
Okay.
Hey.
This is Detective Macedo.
This is our nanny,
Elena Santos.
Yeah. Yeah, we met
the night of the incident.
It's nice
to see you again.
Likewise.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, I was just asking
Mr. Ward a few questions
about the deceased,
Mr. Malo.
Oh, I thought
the case was closed.
Tying up
a few loose ends.
Oh, it wasn't
ruled an accident?
Wanted to see if anyone
might've been having
any problems with him,
see if anyone
suspected foul play,
just any details that might've
slipped through the cracks.
Uh, you sure I can't get you
coffee, anything like that?
Uh, that'd be great,
but I-I should get going.
I'll show you out, Detective.
Whatever you need.
Take care.
Great place,
by the way.
Thanks.
Trying to scare me?
You trying to remind me
that you can flash your badge
and go
anywhere you want?
You've been spending a lot
of time with this guy.
Just thought I'd get a look
at him for myself.
You jealous?
No.
Matthew is Jasper's dad.
I can't avoid him.
This was your idea.
Is there anything
you want to tell me?
Anything you think
I should know?
No.
You come here again,
and you'll regret it.
Hey.
You heading out?
No.
No, it's just me.
Good to see you again, Detective.
Yeah.
Have a nice day.
That was a slick move.
You coming to see me?
Uh, no.
I'm going to see Darcy.
Brought her this.
What is it?
It's a necklace.
I saw it, and it made me
think of her.
Wow.
A necklace.
Bold move.
Wait, is it--
is it too much?
I just think at the beginning
of something,
it's good to not
come on too strong.
Play a little
hard to get.
But I'm not
I'm extremely easy
to get.
That's why you're playing
hard to get.
It's a game.
You play it.
Just let her fight
for you a little.
It'll work.
I promise.
And give her the necklace
on her birthday.
Hey, you okay?
Sorry if that was
triggering for you.
It's fine.
He was just doing his job.
Speaking of which, I didn't know
you were working so closely
with Otis Winthrop
on this project.
If you're asking if it's
his signature on the checks,
then yeah.
You know him?
He runs the Greybourne
Corporation, right?
Don't they call him
"The Bulldozer"?
'Cause he buys cheap land
to develop
and then he prices people
out of their own neighborhoods.
Every developer
in Manhattan
gets accused of corruption
at some point.
Okay.
So everyone's doing it?
You know, it's not easy getting
funding for these projects.
I-I mean, if it wasn't for my
connection to the Greybournes,
none of this happens,
and that's just the reality.
Besides, Otis is family.
His granddad is
Mrs. Ivey's uncle or something.
It's a whole twisted
family tree there.
You know,
there is, um--
there is something else
I wanted to talk to you about.
Tomorrow is...
Allie's birthday.
Oh.
And between
all the books I read
and the people
I talked to,
no one seems to be able
to tell me...
exactly how to handle it
with Jasper.
There's probably
no right way.
Exactly.
I just-- I just want it
to be like any other day.
Let me know
how I can help.
Honestly, just you being here
is help enough.
Hey.
What you building?
Hagrid's cottage.
Ah.
"These bloody Muggles
and their bloody
normal lives.
Don't tell anyone
I told you that, Harry."
You sound like Elmo.
Ah.
Hey, that guy that was here,
you said your mom knew him?
Yeah.
He's her friend.
They would go places sometimes.
So you saw them together
more than once?
Do more Hagrid.
But so many people look alike
in this big city.
Are you sure it was him?
Yeah, he's Mommy's
policeman friend.
♪ It won't be long ♪
Hey.
Hi.
♪ It won't be long ♪
I didn't know
you were coming over.
Did you send me a text
or something?
I wanted to say I'm sorry
for blowing up on you earlier.
Yeah, it's okay.
♪ It won't be long ♪
I just was caught off guard,
you know?
Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry, too.
I just never want you to worry
about me being over there
or Matthew.
And I know you were just
doing it out of love, but...
Come here.
I just--
I miss this, you know?
Yeah.
I miss it, too.
I miss being here.
And laying here.
Doing this.
And this.
♪ It won't be long ♪
♪ Before we do this again ♪
♪ Until the sun
hits the shades ♪
♪ It won't be long ♪
♪ Only wanna be ♪
Oh.
Good morning, Elena.
Morning.
Alright.
Here you go.
Some crème fraîche.
Oh.
And a little sprig of mint.
Mmm!
Mwah.
Oh.
Special crepes
for a special day.
Well, I have to race
to a meeting,
but maybe Elena
would like some crepes?
You're working today?
It's just a regular
Tuesday, Tor.
Um, you're right.
Wouldn't want them
to go to waste.
Elena.
Oh.
Thank you.
Looks delicious.
Okay, so Jasper has tennis
at 10:00
and then back here
for your math tutor
and then out again
for a playdate
with Athena
and Coriolanus.
Are those children
or novels?
You'll have to
ask their parents.
Mwah.
Love you, buddy.
Wait, Dad.
Yeah, pal?
Today is Wednesday,
not Tuesday.
You're absolutely right.
Okay, go on.
I'll see you later.
Okay. Bye, Dad.
Mm.
I can get that.
I-I am just trying to control
one small thing
in a universe of chaos, okay?
Copy that.
Thank you.
What's up?
Today's my mom's birthday.
I know.
I heard.
I wasn't sure if you wanted
to talk about it,
but you want
to talk about it?
We would always go to
the aquarium on her birthday.
That must've been
really cool.
You know, I remember
for my dad's birthday,
my brother and I
would go to a Mets game,
and we would eat
so many hot dogs
and have
so much cotton candy,
and then we would be so sick,
but it was so worth it.
Me and my dad would always
get a confetti cupcake
from Leo and Lucy's,
and then we would put a candle
in it for breakfast.
For breakfast?
A cupcake?
What?!
That's my kind of breakfast.
You know, we could still
do those things.
We could still
go get a cupcake
and go to the aquarium
and celebrate your mom.
But only if you want.
My dad doesn't like going
to the aquarium anymore.
How about you think about what
you want to do and you tell me.
Anything you want.
We can go play
hide-and-go-seek.
Last time, you couldn't
even find me.
I was in the best spot
in the whole building.
Yeah, I remember.
Where was that, anyway?
What do you got stashed there?
Pirates' treasure?
You got diamonds
and rubies in there?
Gold?
I promised my mom I would never,
ever tell anyone.
It was our secret spot.
Was it in the attic?
I said
I wouldn't tell.
You know what?
You're right.
It's good
to have a secret.
Race you
to get ice cream?
Hmm. I thought I heard
someone out here.
I have the afternoon off.
You want to catch a movie
or something?
What I wouldn't give to be
in a freezing-cold theater
and eat my weight
in popcorn.
Mm-hmm.
But I can't.
It's Allie's birthday.
How's Jasper?
He said he and his mom used to
share this confetti cupcake
from Baked by Leo and Lucy
every year on her birthday.
And I really want
to grab him one,
but there's no way I can make it
all the way downtown
to that bakery in time
for his Mandarin lesson.
Would you be able
to get some for me?
Um...
Only if you have time.
And I would owe you
a thousand cupcakes.
What would I do
with a thousand cupcakes?
I will go, but you have to
answer one question first.
Anything.
The guy
in the elevator.
Was that a question?
I saw you at the bar with him
the other night.
Who is he?
He's a guy
I've been seeing.
You have a boyfriend
and you didn't say anything?
It's gotten
kind of complicated
since I came
to the Greybourne,
and he's keeping
a really big secret from me,
and I'm struggling
with it.
Well, secrets are poison, Elena.
You got to talk to him.
I'd almost rather not know
right now.
I just want to focus
on making this day
a little easier
for Jasper.
I'm off.
Operation Cupcake.
Bless you.
Talk him him.
Jasper?
Yes.
Oh, I assure you,
I'm very aware.
And that being said, a little
gratitude goes a long way.
Have you seen--
Shh.
Okay.
That is all I'm asking.
Thank you.
Honey, you are looking
at one fantastic husband.
You want to ask
why he's so fantastic?
Can it wait?
I-I don't know where I put
that blue peacock purse.
You have 50 handbags, Tory.
Just choose another one.
I don't want another one.
I want that one.
It was Allie's.
That's a little morbid,
isn't it?
Can you just
help me look?
Mrs. Ivey's apartment?
You really think it's in there?
I-I searched everywhere else
that made sense,
and we have to find
this ruby, Roman.
If my mom gets out of jail
and gets to my brother
and ruins his life
like she tried to ruin mine...
Now we have a way in.
It's right here,
under these stairs.
But it's not
on this floor plan.
You think someone else
knows about it?
Somebody does.
I don't know if it was
Mrs. Ivey or not,
but I was in the stairway,
someone opened the door
and was standing
right there.
Oh, dude, I would have lost it
if Mrs. Ivey came for me.
Alistair used to live
in Mrs. Ivey's apartment,
so Jocelyn must have
used these stairs
as a secret passageway to each
other so no one would know.
Mrs. Ivey
is the only tenant
who doesn't have a spare key
at the front desk.
It's like she lives
in a fortress.
And you only build a fortress if
you have something to protect.
Let me see.
Hello?
Oh, great, you're back.
Are you ready to go?
Go where?
The cemetery.
We're all going together.
As a family.
I-I thought
I sent an e-mail.
Yeah, you did.
I didn't respond.
Which I thought was
a very nice way of declining.
It's Allie's birthday, Matthew.
Now, Tory, I'm very much aware
of what today is.
Thank you.
But there is zero chance
of me dragging my son
back to the place
where he watched them
put his mother
in the ground.
I'm sorry, but I disagree
with your approach.
I think what Jasper--
what we all need
is closure.
Well,
you thought wrong.
So do we
still have to go?
Yes, Dick,
we still have to go.
Hey.
Sorry.
I know it's rough what you guys
are going through.
I guess it's all part of it, right?
Alright, what's your take?
Am I wrong here?
I don't want
to overstep.
No, come on.
I value your opinion.
Honestly.
I don't think Tory
has bad intentions.
I think everyone has
different ways of grieving
and remembering
someone they love,
and they're different,
but they're not wrong.
Right, so how come I have to
default to her way of grieving?
Well, you don't,
but for what it's worth,
when my dad
passed away--
Your dad?
Wait, you lost
your father, too?
Yeah.
A while back.
He took his own life.
Like Allie.
And my mom found
any possible distraction,
anything so she didn't
have to feel the pain.
She just shoved
all her feelings down,
and that made it really hard
for me and my brother to cope.
She should have helped us
through it,
but she was
same as you.
She didn't know what to do,
so she did nothing.
I don't know if you
can see this, Matthew,
but Tory's not okay.
But at least she's
acknowledging her pain.
♪ Follow my lead,
move your feet ♪
Hey, saved you a spot.
Thank you
for meeting me.
Of course.
You kidding me?
I was staring
at a blank screen.
Writer's block sucks.
So why are we
getting cupcakes?
Elena asked me
to pick some up.
They are for Jasper.
How come Elena couldn't
get them herself?
She needed the help.
I had the afternoon free.
You are a nicer person
than I am.
Maybe I'm
just a sucker.
Did you know
she has a boyfriend?
Who, Elena?
Yeah.
No.
It's weird, right?
All this time
and she didn't mention it?
Some people
are super private.
♪ I wanna see ya,
live out loud ♪
I have this thing
where I meet people
who are sneaky
and elusive,
and I find them intriguing
because I like the challenge,
but I always end up
giving more than I get.
You're one
of those people.
What do you mean?
You need everyone to like you
at all times,
even if it means you're left...
holding the cupcake.
And you don't want people
to like you?
I want the people I like
to like me.
Sure.
Elena, she's nice, but something
about her just feels off.
Look, if you want to get her
cupcakes, that's fine,
but I'm hearing that
you know you have a problem,
so it's on you
to solve it.
Okay.
Tough love with Kim Stewart.
I am not meaning
to be harsh.
It's just I've been
in your position before.
I know you can't change
the way other people behave.
You can only change
the way you behave.
You're an amazing person,
and you deserve
to surround yourself
with people who are gonna
treat you that way, you know?
I know.
♪ I wanna see ya,
live out loud ♪
Hi.
Look who it is.
The love guru.
The what?
I use that word ironically,
as you're obviously
not a guru.
You know the definition
of the word "backfire"?
Your plan.
What plan? What happened?
I took your advice,
and now Darcy's pissed at me.
I ignored her texts
like you said,
and n-now
she thinks I'm rude?
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
I didn't say ignore her,
be rude.
I just said
play it cool.
What's the difference?
The difference is somewhere
in between answering her texts
and giving her a necklace.
You know what?
Don't listen
to a damn thing I say,
'cause I clearly
don't know what I'm doing.
Great.
Next time, keep your
free advice to yourself.
I feel bad about keeping you
from your writing day.
I don't think you're really
keeping me from much.
Are you really blocked,
or are you just procrastinating?
What's the difference?
Okay, I guess
I just have doubts
that anyone would want to read
any book
that I would want to write.
I want to read your book.
How does someone
like you exist
in this crazy,
messed-up world?
Oh.
I am just as crazy and messed up
as everyone else.
I'm just exceptionally cute,
so you don't really notice.
Mm.
Mm-hmm.
Um, you got
a little frosting.
Can I?
Please.
♪ I'm sick, yeah, I'm sick ♪
There.
♪ And honestly,
I'm getting high off it ♪
Perfect.
Ah.
You guys are the best.
Thank you.
Ginny, I will return this favor
in spades someday.
Yes, you will.
Okay, I'm gonna go.
It's my writing day.
♪ One by one,
hung on the necklace ♪
♪ They'll always be mine ♪
Hey.
Mind if I sit?
Go ahead.
Thanks for meeting me.
When Allie and I
were little,
we used to hang out here
every day after school...
talk about everything.
What we wanted to be
when we grew up,
who we'd marry,
how many kids we'd have.
This is where she told me that
the two of you were together.
That's when I knew
you and I were really over.
Whatever we were.
Well,
if memory serves,
the reason
we couldn't be anything
is because
you were with Otis.
We all have
our regrets.
Anyway...
We came here after
we buried our parents.
We felt so alone,
but
at least
we had each other.
And we were sitting right here
when she told me
that she was pregnant
with Jasper,
and suddenly,
just like that, we--
we felt hope
for the future again.
And now I'm here alone.
And I-I am so angry.
I-I-I'm sorry, but I am.
I-I am so angry.
I-I am angry at her
for leaving Jasper,
for-- for leaving you.
For leaving me.
Look, I'm angry, too,
and I'm overwhelmed.
I cannot let it out
or it will consume me.
Ah.
Look at us.
We're a mess.
Hmm.
Look. Come here.
At least
we're a together mess.
Hmm.
The tiny, fast one
is my favorite.
Oh, she's so cute.
Did you know that jellyfish
produce their own light?
They do?
Just like you.
Is that a confetti cupcake
from Leo and Lucy's?
- Dad!
- Hi, buddy.
Oh, hey.
Okay, come on.
You know what?
We have to be
very quiet, okay?
Because I don't think we're
supposed to have food in here.
It scares
the jellyfishes.
Careful.
Okay, ready?
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear... ♪
♪ Mommy ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Go ahead.
Make a wish.
Yeah!
Come here.
Oh, good job, good job,
good job.
Oh!
Hold the elevator!
♪ But the music do a little ♪
Oh, hey, Dick.
Hi, honey.
How was your run?
Oh. I'm sure it pales
in comparison
to whatever you three
got up to.
Oh, we weren't
up to much of anything.
Well, whatever it was,
looks like you had a great time.
So nice
you could be together.
And we got Chinese food.
Yum! Did you happen to get
your uncle some pork lo mein?
Uh, I was just gonna
have an egg roll
and then grab dinner
with you.
Oh, I want to have Chinese food
with Matthew and Jasper.
If they don't mind sharing.
Yeah. Plenty of spicy
Szechuan shrimp for everybody.
Ah, well, in that case,
I'll have to pass,
unless you want to watch me
go into anaphylactic shock.
I'm deathly allergic
to shellfish, so...
Did not know that.
Well, how could you?
Why don't we go
to Nicola's?
No shrimp.
My treat.
Well, we do have something
to celebrate.
What's that?
That, uh,
call I was on earlier?
It was with
your old pal Otis.
Trip?
Why would he--
What did he have to say?
He wants
to sit down with me.
About what?
Filling a seat
on the Greybourne board.
He said that?
Mm-hmm.
I spoke to him.
I-I made my case
the way I told you.
Mm.
And he said he wants
to discuss it with me
next week
at the Save New York gala.
Huh.
I thought this was something
that you wanted for me.
For us.
We'll finally get to have a say
in what happens in the company,
not to mention this building
that we live in.
Yes.
Yes, I know.
And-- And you're right.
I-I'm just...
surprised.
You're surprised
that he'd want me?
No.
No, that's--
that's not what I meant.
I--
I am really happy
for you.
I am.
See? Silver lining
to everything,
even days like today.
Hmm?
Let's go grab
that dinner.
And that's the end of Round 7.
Hey. You're back.
Before I woke up--
What's this?
You know her.
Where'd you find that?
You know Allie this entire time
and you said nothing.
Elena, this--
Were you sleeping with her?
What?
Were you trying
to break up their marriage
so that you could
get the money?
Is-- Is that really
what you think?
I don't know what I think.
I know that you're a liar.
Are you trying to set me up
for a fall?
Huh?
Is any of this real?
Do you even love me?
You came into my life.
You took advantage
of my grief.
You know what was happening
with my family,
and I fell for you.
Elena, I promise you,
that is not how things happened.
Then tell me,
how did they happen?
How is it that you have
Allie's coroner's report
hidden in your apartment?
Did you kill her?
What?
No!
No, I didn't kill her.
God, no.
You really think I'd be capable
of doing something like that?
I don't know what
you're capable of.
Hey, come on. Listen.
Whatever it is
you think you know,
I promise you,
that is not the case, okay?
I didn't do any of those things.
Then tell me the truth.
Or I'm gonna walk out that door
and I'm never coming back.
Okay. Hey, hey. Listen.
Okay, so you were right, okay?
I knew Allie.
And she was special
to me.
She was my cousin.
Your cousin?
Yeah.
She was my cousin.
So-- So, technically,
I'm also a Greybourne.
What?
My grandmother
had this huge falling out
with her brother
back in the day.
Everyone hired lawyers.
Threats were made.
As a result,
my entire side of the family
was removed
from the family trust, okay?
We were just cut out
from everything.
So why doesn't anyone
recognize you?
Because-- Because they
don't even know I exist.
They haven't seen my mom
since she was a baby,
and they don't know
about the miserable,
bitter person
that she's become.
She spent her entire life
feeling like she was robbed,
and nobody's ever been able
to make things right for her.
I need to fix that.
Allie was trying
to help me.
So then why didn't you just
tell me this in the beginning?
Because the last person I told
wound up dead.
That was Allie.
So, yeah, when I saw you
at the police station
and I heard your story,
I knew you could
probably help me.
And, yeah, I wanted
to take advantage of the fact
that you already had
your own personal vendetta
against the Greybourne
family, okay?
I admit that.
But, hey, since that day, I have
completely fallen for you.
Okay, I love you.
You know that.
I hope
that you know that.
But that's it.
That-- That--
This is my secret, okay?
That's it.
You can do with it
whatever you want,
but on my end,
this is it.
There's no more
holding back.
I just wish
you would've told me.
Yeah, well, I should've
done a lot of things.
Well,
if we're coming clean...
...there's something
I haven't told you about.
I didn't say anything earlier
because I wasn't exactly sure
what it is.
I still don't know
what it is,
but I know Alistair
was up to something.
Yeah? What makes you think
it was Alistair?
I'll show you.
Okay,
so what am I looking at?
This isn't--
This isn't right.
This isn't real.
This whole room.
I was just in here,
and there was--
there was a table here...
and there were chairs,
and there was a-- there was a
painting of Alistair right here,
and there were paintings
of all of his cronies,
and this was--
this was used
as some kind of meeting room,
I'm sure of it.
There was--
Over here, there was--
there was a wallpaper
with these flowers,
and there were, like, these eyes
hidden in the flowers.
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
There was--
There was a compartment here,
and this is where I found
the box of letters.
And it was--
it was all here.
I-I swear.
I-- It was all here.
I'm sure of it.
Please don't look at me
like that.
Please.
I'm telling the truth.
It was all here.
Just tell me
that you believe me.
It was all here.
Yeah,
I believe you.
Oh, no. Teo.